README.md, before:

# ares-sc2-starter-bot

[ares-sc2 repo](https://github.com/AresSC2/ares-sc2) <br>
[ares-sc2 docs](https://aressc2.github.io/ares-sc2/index.html)

## Getting started
Please refer to [this tutorial article](https://aressc2.github.io/ares-sc2/tutorials/installation.html)
which is based on this starter bot repo.

## Uploading to [AiArena](https://www.sc2ai.com)

<b>TLDR:</b> On each push to `main` there is a Github Actions workflow that builds a ladder ready zip. Take a 
look on the `Actions` tab to download.

Included in this repository is a convenient script named `scripts/create_ladder_zip.py`. 
However, it is important to note that the AIarena ladder infrastructure operates specifically 
on Linux-based systems. Due to the dependency of ares-sc2 on cython, it is necessary to execute 
this script on a Linux environment in order to generate Linux binaries.

To streamline this process, a GitHub workflow has been integrated into this repository when pushing to `main` 
on your GitHub repository (if you previously created a template from the 
[starter-bot](https://github.com/AresSC2/ares-sc2-starter-bot)). 
Upon each push to the main branch, the `create_ladder_zip.py` script is automatically executed on a 
Debian-based system. As a result, a compressed artifact named `ladder-zip.zip` is generated, 
facilitating the subsequent upload to AIarena. To access the generated file, navigate to the Actions tab, 
click on an Action and refer to the Artifacts section. Please note this may take a few
minutes after pusing to the `main` branch.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Nani Bot information

README.md, after:

# Nani Bot - Zerg Version

Nani Bot is a StarCraft II AI bot designed to play as the Zerg race. Its primary strategy is to distract the enemy while attacking the objective.

## Strategy

Nani Bot uses a unique strategy of distraction and objective-focused attacks. It deploys units to engage the enemy forces, drawing their attention and resources. While the enemy is occupied, Nani Bot directs other units to attack the main objective, often catching the enemy off guard.

## Origin

Nani Bot is based on the [ares-sc2-starter-bot](https://github.com/AresSC2/ares-sc2-starter-bot) template. It has been customized and extended to implement the unique strategy described above.

## Getting Started

To get started with Nani Bot, clone this repository and follow the setup instructions in the [original template's documentation](https://aressc2.github.io/ares-sc2/tutorials/installation.html).

## License

Nani Bot is open source and available under the same license as the original template. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for more details.
